[MUSIC]
>> Brian: So let's go back to details and
let's actually do this pretty code thing
again because I want to see if it's
actually working the way we intended.
>> Brian: And
I'm going to put also a style here as
well.
>> Brian: And
here I'm just gonna do
a JSON.stringify(this.props.params),
you can do this up props
as well if you want to.
I'm just gonna go look at the params,
okay?
>> Brian: Let's save
>> Brian: And refresh this.
Make sure there are not, yeah,
you're gonna get some validation errors.
I'll fix these ones here in just a sec.
>> Brian: And
we wanna go into details real quick.
>> Brian: So
it's actually not gonna work,
so we don't have,
details did not match any route
cuz it shouldn't match any route.
So, if they enter something that's wrong,
like 1, 2, 3, right?
This actually should redirect us to the
home page, which it did, which is nice.
That's exactly what it should do
cuz we use the replace method.
Let's go grab an imdb out of our
data.json, so any one of them will work.
It should look like this, tt1856010,
scrub House of Cards,
because it's like my favorite show.
My gosh, details/blah, right?
Whatever your IMDB ID is,
and looks like we're
still not seeing what we're supposed to.
Now, why is that?
>> Brian: I wonder if
that's redirecting,
I want to start finding.
Let's start on finding it, so
let's go introspect what's going on here,
introspect inspect.
You can also do introspection at this
point, if you'd like to question all your
life decisions.
>> Brian: All right,
so I'm just gonna do some good
old-fashioned console logging.
>> Brian: And show or
write,
>> Brian: and
let's see what this yields for us.
To get in some areas, that's fine,
we'll fix that momentarily.
So, saying details slash, Our IMDb ID.
All right, so
let's take a look at we've got here.
So here's my issue.
I wasn't looking at params,
which is what I needed to do.
So, this actually used to
be next state.params.id
>> Brian: Okay, so let's save that.
I'm still getting a bunch of errors,
whatever.
>> Brian: Let's
refresh here, try this again.
Slash that.
And now we actually are matching a route.
Because this was kind of hairy,
I'll push a branch right after we
answer answer some questions here.
Are some people seeing this?
Okay, awesome.
Any questions about what's going on here?
Hopefully that was a useful little
debugging session for you, as well,
to see how Oftentimes up that cancel like
just cancel light me out usually helps me
a lot.
>> Brian: Then you can see that it's also
getting matching the right object as well.
>> Brian: Cool.
>> Speaker 2: Is there a reason why you're
mutating That object instead of
returning a new one on Object.assign,
or assignShow.
>> Brian: I don't really have a favorite.
I mean, you could totally do this.
>> Brian: I like the sensibility.
Like I would love to
encourage you to do that.
>> Brian: Totally works too So
x is really terrible name.
>> Brian: Functional programming for
the win.
No wait.
No.
hold on.
The reason why we're not doing
that is I guess we could do.
You have to be a little bit more clever
in the way you do it because you have
to preserve everything that's
coming in from newState as well.
So I'm gonna not do that right now.
The reason why I just mutated it is
cuz nothing else is looking at it.
Famous last words I know, right?
Like You typically want to be
as non mutating as possible but
this has yet
to by the in the but as you can
see I'm a very reactionary person to bugs
as I try to I try to ignore everything bad
in the universe until it happens to me and
then I panic.
It's just my general like
life Lifestyle in general.
So, yeah.
>> Brian: But
if you feel this app up to it,
go ahead and
do all the gymnastics to get that
to be More of a functional style.
Any questions?
All right, let's kind of branch and
push this up.
Let's first fix our linting errors and
then I'll push up.
There should be no spaces in the parens,
line twelve.
Yeah.
This is one of things I don't like about.
I like putting spaces here.
>> Brian: I like putting
the spaces between parenthesis that don't
relate to each other so it's easier for
me to parse visually.
However standard does not like that.
>> Brian: It's
not gonna say anything because
I didn't change anything.
All right, so
let's go to details such as X and
fix that as well.
>> Brian: So this is an ES6 type
component, so we have to do prop
types underneath it, details.prop.
Sorry, lowercase propTypes is an object.
Here, we're gonna say const We
were just looking at parameters,
so I want to say { object
} = React.PropTypes.
And then we're going to
say params: object.
>> Brian: Great.
>> Brian: And that should now, yeah,
we fixed all of our bugs or
all of our errors.
>> Brian: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: This is how you allot React,
now that you're expecting
a params as an object,
okay.
>> Brian: You
could also do isRequired here.
I'd feel okay about that, because if
Details is It's not going to work very
well but you can also pretty well depend
that react router is always going to pass
a params, but actually I could see
this being useful in a case if you had
a coworker that saw this component as
like, I should include this in my route.
They would very quickly find out that
this is actually a React router route and
if you try to include this somewhere
else it's going to be really difficult
to emulate what's going on here.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Os it
possible to do prop type says a static
property of the details class or
is that different than what you did?
>> Brian: Yeah Film
or time.
>> Speaker 2: Is it impossible to do prop
tapes as a static property
on the details class?
>> Brian: This is how you do it.
For your six type classes
there is a proposal.
I want to say at stage one or
stage is zero said to have statics or
something like that.
I don't know if it's called statics but
it's something to this effect.
This isn't work right now with yes six
classes this would be something like
yes twenty seventeen or
yes twenty eighteen that this will land So
in other words that this is impossible
right now as far as I know personally.
Well, it's not standard behavior.
You can get a bell transform that
does make this work but I choose to
Personally not used proposals
until there at least stage two.
In stage two just means like this is
like 95% definitely gonna make it into
a standard JavaScript.
When it's stage zero or stage one,
there's a maybe like 20% or 30% chances
it's gonna make it in standard host script
and like for me That would be awful that I
have to go refactor code just because
I wrote it in a non standard style and
that fell out of favor, right?
>> Speaker 2: There's
a couple quick questions
about the client app,
if you go back to that.
>> Brian: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: In our assigned show
function when we're using on enter.
Our next day and replace the two arguments
that are going to be passed through
any time we're using on enter.
>> Brian: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, And
then can you when you're using replace
does next state get passed in with
Replace?
>> Brian: I don't know.
I don't have a good answer for that.
I'd say look at the react rather docs.
Because that's exactly what I would
do you might be able to ask pass
parameters you mean that would make sense
that you should be able to pass parameters
to the next route but
I haven't done that so
I don't know.
>> Speaker 2: I'm story if you cover that
but it came up.
Can you explain again why it's an improper
types can coincide the ES6 class
Did you cover that?
>> Brian: The answer to that is it
just doesn't.
[LAUGH] There's no better answer.
That's just not part of the spec.
If we go back to, where was I, details?
This is just the way
that you have to do it.
It's ugly, right?
This is also the way you have to do it for
stateless functional components.
>> Brian: Yeah
there's just no concept of like statics
right now on a on the Essex class.
You can go read the Essex discuss
on why they didn't do it that way.
I don't particular recall top of my head.
>> Speaker 2: Can
you step through the sign show
function starting at the on the enter.
From the details route,
can you go through that again?
>> Brian: Sure.
Gladly.
Okay, so, step one is we're
going to match this route.
So okay I found this route
Instead going to call
it's onEnter function which is
going to call here to assign show
react router is going to pass the next day
which is the parameters being passed down.
Ooh it's not the parameters it's
the properties that's the more
accurate thing to say is
the properties being passed down.
Yeah, I mean you could probably even
go as far to call this next props.
I think it's called next day in the docs.
So I just stick to what the docs say.
Okay here we're filtering out
everything that does not match the ID.
So hopefully we're gonna find one
show that matches the IMDB ID.
The ID being passed in.
let's get this console log.
Then we have the show race symbol
hopefully it'll be an array of one thing
if we don't find anything that matches
up We're gonna to redirect them
to the home page so
we don't crash in the details page.
That's the idea there.
Here we're just making sure that our
showArray shows up into the next state,
and we return that which is then going to
get passed down to the This route down
here, which we can then refer
to here inside of Details.
That's the exhaustive steps of
what's happening with react-router.